# Reflection

Respond to each of the questions below with a carefully thought out reflection on the assignment.

## Question 1
#### In this assignment, we used your user input to construct a small website composed of flipping cards. Can you think of a more interesting use for this basic layout? The use you describe should serve some pedagogical or research-oriented purpose for historians or humanists
I believe this sort of layout can also be used for various classes to help with learning more about history and current events. I personally find I learn better visually or through talking to people, so having an interactive learning interface would help people like me. I envision the website as interactive, the first side of the flip cards would have the name of an event, or a question about the specific event, and when you click the back of the card it would show information about the event or play audio files of people describing their lived experiences during that event, similar to an interview. 
## Question 2
#### This assignment asks you all to perform a certian amount of work (describing yourselves) in order to improve a project (the course roster website). What responsibilities does the "researcher" (in this case, your teacher) have to the participants (you)? What rights do or should the participants have to the end product? 
The most important responsibility of all is privacy; the researcher must ensure they have a proper system in place to keep all the participants' information safe and secure. In a perfect world, any business transaction would have the consent of all parties before the product goes public. Take a fashion model for example, who ideally gives consent to a picture before it gets put on billboards, and the company wanting to advertise should approve of the final picture as well. The participants themselves, by agreeing to perform the work, should ensure that their information is accurate and up to date. Similar to models, it would be right to make sure the participant gets a copy of or access to the final product/picture, so that they are able to improve their own work in the future based on any constructive criticism that may arise.
## Question 3
#### Information in each student record was provided as a series of "fields", that is, discrete units of information separated from each other. In the use you describe above, what fields would you need to provide for each record? Can you think of any limitations or obstacles that the use of this kind of data structure imposes on your project?
In order to learn more about historical and current events, I can list a few fields that are crucial: name and date of the event, the causes and effects, the people that attended the event, the political climate at the time, and perhaps any pictures if they are available. If it is a current event, you could even add a field for "website that event was hosted on", which would be really interesting to use in order to see the different ways in which people mobilize. I mentioned audio files earlier, though now I am realizing it may limit the reach of my project. There are only so many perspectives you can get, and having an audio story may skew biases depending on who is being interviewed, especially because everyone experiences events differently.
